fix proxy setting (#4964)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/proxy.adoc

```
echo '{"HttpProxy": "http://<proxy-ip:port>"}' | sudo tee /etc/replicated.conf
(cat <<EOF
export HTTP_PROXY=<proxy-ip:port>
export HTTPS_PROXY=<proxy-ip:port>
export NO_PROXY=169.254.169.254,<circleci-service-ip>,127.0.0.1,localhost,ghe.example.com
export JVM_OPTS="-Dhttp.proxyHost=<proxy-ip> -Dhttp.proxyPort=<proxy-port> -Dhttps.proxyHost=<proxy-ip> -Dhttps.proxyPort=<proxy-port> -Dhttp.nonProxyHosts=169.254.169.254|<circleci-service-ip>|127.0.0.1|localhost|ghe.example.com"
EOF
) | sudo tee -a /etc/circle-installation-customizations

systemctl restart replicated\*
```

> NOTE: NOTE: If the proxy requires user authentication, you will need to be added user authentication information into <proxy-ip>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: NOTE: If the proxy requires user authentication, you will need to add user authentication information into <proxy-ip> like below:
```

```
export HTTP_PROXY=http://<userid>:<password>@<proxy-ip>:<port>
export HTTPS_PROXY=https://<userid>:<password>@<proxy-ip>:<port>
```

NOTE: The above is not handled by by our enterprise-setup script and will need to be added to the user data for the Services Machine startup or done manually.

// not quite clear what is meant by this note... what's user data in this context?

> // If the cusotmer automatically apply the above setting, they need to add them into ServiceBox's user data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// If the customer wants to apply the above setting automatically, they need to add them into ServiceBox's user data.
```

Author: Thank you so much!
